README.md, before:

# sed-windows
Instructions for building [Gnu Sed](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed) as a native windows application

All patches under the same license as sources of [Gnu Sed](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed): [GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) or later

Author of the patches: Michael M. Builov (mbuilov@gmail.com)

## Fixed bugs:
- incorrect behavior in binary mode ('-b' switch) (https://debbugs.gnu.org/cgi/bugreport.cgi?bug=25459)
- wrong directory of input file in in-place editing mode ('-i' switch) (sed: cannot rename ./sed8JEw8l: Improper link)

## Pre-built executables:
- [`sed-4.5.exe`](/sed-4.5.exe)     - sed 4.5 built for windowsXP x86
- [`sed-4.5-x64.exe`](/sed-4.5-x64.exe) - sed 4.5 built for windows7  x64

## Instruction how to create build patch
- [`sed-4.5-build-patch-howto.txt`](/sed-4.5-build-patch-howto.txt)

## Prepared build patches
For x64/Windows7/VS17:
- [`sed-4.5-build-VS17-x64.txt`](/sed-4.5-build-VS17-x64.txt) - instruction how to apply patch to compile sed using native tools only
- [`sed-4.5-build-VS17-x64.patch`](/sed-4.5-build-VS17-x64.patch)

For x86/WindowsXP/VS9
- [`sed-4.5-build-VS9-x86.txt`](/sed-4.5-build-VS9-x86.txt) - instruction how to apply patch to compile sed using native tools only
- [`sed-4.5-build-VS9-x86.patch`](/sed-4.5-build-VS9-x86.patch)

Commit message:

add comment about new '-C' or '--ignore-locale' switches

README.md, after:

# sed-windows
Instructions for building [Gnu Sed](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed) as a native windows application

All patches under the same license as sources of [Gnu Sed](https://www.gnu.org/software/sed): [GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) or later

Author of the patches: Michael M. Builov (mbuilov@gmail.com)

## Fixed bugs:
- incorrect behavior in binary mode ('-b' switch) (https://debbugs.gnu.org/cgi/bugreport.cgi?bug=25459)
- wrong directory of input file in in-place editing mode ('-i' switch) (sed: cannot rename ./sed8JEw8l: Improper link)
- new switch '-C' or '--ignore-locale' - forces Sed to use the standard "C" locale instead of the system one; this switch is most usable in binary mode, to avoid possible interpretation of input data as multi-byte encoded strings (depending on the system locale)

## Pre-built executables:
- [`sed-4.5.exe`](/sed-4.5.exe)     - sed 4.5 built for windowsXP x86
- [`sed-4.5-x64.exe`](/sed-4.5-x64.exe) - sed 4.5 built for windows7  x64

## Instruction how to create build patch
- [`sed-4.5-build-patch-howto.txt`](/sed-4.5-build-patch-howto.txt)

## Prepared build patches
For x64/Windows7/VS17:
- [`sed-4.5-build-VS17-x64.txt`](/sed-4.5-build-VS17-x64.txt) - instruction how to apply patch to compile sed using native tools only
- [`sed-4.5-build-VS17-x64.patch`](/sed-4.5-build-VS17-x64.patch)

For x86/WindowsXP/VS9
- [`sed-4.5-build-VS9-x86.txt`](/sed-4.5-build-VS9-x86.txt) - instruction how to apply patch to compile sed using native tools only
- [`sed-4.5-build-VS9-x86.patch`](/sed-4.5-build-VS9-x86.patch)
